c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\obj\Debug\CustomerPortal.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\CustomerPortal.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\CustomerPortal.Tests.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\CustomerPortal.Tests.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\CustomerPortal.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\interfaces.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\cms.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\controls.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Examine.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\CustomerPortal.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\interfaces.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\cms.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\controls.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\obj\Debug\CustomerPortal.Tests.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\obj\Debug\CustomerPortal.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc3.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\MailChimp.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\MailChimp.xml
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\Users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.editorControls.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.macroRenderings.dll
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.editorControls.xml
C:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal.Tests\bin\Debug\umbraco.macroRenderings.xml
