c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\CustomerPortal.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\CustomerPortal.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\cms.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\controls.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Examine.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\interfaces.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Our.Umbraco.uGoLive.47x.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Our.Umbraco.uGoLive.Checks.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Our.Umbraco.uGoLive.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.editorControls.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.macroRenderings.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.webservices.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\cms.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\controls.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\interfaces.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.macroRenderings.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\umbraco.webservices.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\obj\Debug\CustomerPortal.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\obj\Debug\CustomerPortal.pdb
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\MailChimp.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\Unity.Mvc3.dll
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\Users\james\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\MailChimp.xml
C:\Users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerPortal\CustomerPortal\obj\Debug\CustomerPortal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
